# Invite customers to on board to an organization

Organizations reference their customers, or delivery addresses commonly with their own numbers or references.  Sfinx is supporting this scenario and this workflow is described in this document.

## Workflow

1. The organization can pre-register customers with their e-mail address and the customer reference.
2. For every customer, a unique invitation code is generated by Sfinx.
3. These invitation codes can be downloaded from the portal or API and integrated in a customer invitation e-mail campaign.
4. When a customer signs up, or links an existing Sfinx account (and lock) with the invitation code, the lock will be referencable by the configured customer reference.
5. The organization will now also be able to generate keys for that lock.  (_more configuration rules coming_)

> **Remark**: the registration url that should be sent to the customers to on board, is the following: https://portal.sfinxinside.com/organization/link?code={invitationCode}&org={organizationId}

## Pre-register customers

In order to pre-register customers, there are two possibilities: 

### Upload customers in the portal

In the portal, when you are administrator of an organization, you can upload or add customers in the portal.

1. Navigate to the organization dashboard.
2. Click on Invitations tab of the navigation.
3. Click the `Upload invitations` button and provide your csv, containing the e-mail addresses, the reference of the customer (or address) and a personal message.

The CSV file should follow the pre-defined structure, and a sample file can be found [here](./files/invitations.csv).

The following fields are possible to add to the CSV file:

- `Reference` : the reference of the customer or delivery address, as known in your system.
- `Email` : the e-mail address of the customer.
- `Message` : a personal message that you can include in the e-mail.

> **Remark** : a download button for all invitations will be provided in the near future.

### Generate customer invitation codes through the API

Use the [Sfinx API portal](https://uat.developer.sfinxinside.com) to look for the Operation `POST /organizations/{organizationId}/invitations`.  This operation will generate the invitations.